

FREEDOM RIDERS
A Film Screening and Discussion
Monday, October 13
6:00-8:30 p.m.
Champaign Public Library
200 W. Green Street
Presented by OLLI (Osher Lifelong Learning Institute) at Illinois and the Champaign Public Library, in conjunction with the National Endowment for the Humanities (NEH). (See more information about the NEH "Created Equal" Project at the bottom of this email.) 
This event is free and open to the public. Registration is not required.
There will be a brief introduction before the film, and a discussion with the audience following the screening.
The post-film discussion will be moderated by Professor Emeritus Mark Leff (History, U of I) and Tim Smith (retired attorney and current OLLI Board Chair).

FREEDOM RIDERS is the powerful, harrowing, and ultimately inspirational story of six months in 1961 that changed America forever. From May until November 1961, more than 400 black and white Americans risked their lives – and many endured savage beatings and imprisonment – for simply traveling together on buses and trains as they journeyed through the Deep South. Deliberately violating Jim Crow laws, the Freedom Riders met with bitter racism and mob violence along the way, sorely testing their belief in nonviolent activism. 
From award-winning filmmaker Stanley Nelson (Wounded Knee, Jonestown: The Life and Death of Peoples Temple, The Murder of Emmett Till), FREEDOM RIDERS features testimony from a fascinating cast of central characters: the Riders themselves, state and federal government officials, and journalists who witnessed the Rides firsthand.

FREEDOM RIDERS
2011, directed by Stanley Nelson
Running time: 2 hours
About "Created Equal"
The National Endowment for the Humanities "Created Equal" project uses the power of documentary films to inspire public conversations about the changing meanings of freedom and equality in America. As part of the Endowment's Bridging Cultures initiative, "Created Equal" encourages communities across the country to revisit the history of civil rights in America and to reflect on the ideals of freedom and equality that have helped bridge deep racial and cultural divides in our civic life. The "Created Equal" project encompasses four outstanding documentary films supported by the NEH;FREEDOM RIDERS is the third film in the series.
To learn more about the "Created Equal" project, visit the website at http://createdequal.neh.gov/
Please contact OLLI at 244-9141 or olli@illinois.edu if you have any questions about this event.